Take a picture 500,000
I 600,000
This kid knocked me 10 million
I can't just let it go.
This old crystal is interesting
I'm here to join in the fun
1.10 million 2 million 4 million
Is he going to argue with me?
What's not to dare?
I fell for you
I guess
This kid surnamed Ye wants to pit you again
Yeah.
It's just a broken crystal
Since you like it
Here it is.
This blue crystal comes in all shapes.
But it's not a diamond after all
It's not worth much.
Is there any higher price?
4 million time
4 million twice
4 million three deals
I spent 10 million
At least it's an event
You spend 4 yuan
I bought such a macaque sword
Gold and silver diamonds
Hey, what's there to be happy about?
Little known
Are you sure about that?